README.md, before:

Form4_Sniper: Advanced Insider Trading Intelligence & Execution\


Form4_Sniper is a proprietary, high-frequency monitoring and execution platform designed to capitalize on SEC Form 4 filings. By analyzing "open market purchases" (Code P) by top-tier executives in real-time, the system identifies high-conviction signals where insiders are putting significant personal capital at risk.

The program combines raw SEC data with a sophisticated Knowledge Hierarchy and Cluster Detection system to filter out noise and target trades with the highest statistical probability of success.

🖥️ System Interface
The platform features a professional-grade PyQt6 dashboard designed for real-time monitoring and rapid decision-making.

[IMAGE: 
Strategy Logs: Detailed breakdown of why a specific filing triggered a "Buy" signal based on the scoring hierarchy.

🧠 The "Knowledge Hierarchy" Strategy
Unlike basic scanners, Form4_Sniper uses a weighted scoring system based on the insider's role and the context of the purchase.

[IMAGE: A graphic showing the Point System: CEO/CFO (10 pts), Director (7 pts), 10% Owner (5 pts), etc.]

1. Scoring Engine
CEO / CFO (10 Points): Triggers an instant high-conviction alert. These roles have the most intimate knowledge of the company's financial health.

Director / Chairman (7 Points): High-level strategic oversight; significant when combined with other buyers.

VP / General Counsel / Treasurer (3-5 Points): Institutional knowledge of specific departments or legal/cash flow standing.

2. Cluster Detection
The system monitors for "Cluster Buys"—multiple insiders buying the same ticker within a 72-hour window.

Single Buyer: Evaluated based on title.

2+ Buyers: Points are aggregated. A CEO (10) + a Director (7) creates a 17-point "Super Signal."

3. Technical Confirmation
To ensure optimal entry, the bot integrates technical overlays:

9 EMA / 21 MA Crossovers: Ensures the purchase is aligned with immediate price momentum.

Small-Cap Multiplier: Lower value thresholds are applied for companies under $2B market cap, where insider buying has a more drastic impact on liquidity and price.

🛡️ Risk Management & Execution
The platform is built for disciplined trading, removing the emotional bias of manual execution.

[IMAGE: Settings screen showing 'Max Shares Per Trade', 'Min Transaction Value', and 'Auto-Trade' toggles]

Trade Cooldown: Automatically prevents over-exposure by enforcing a 24-hour lockout on any ticker recently traded.

Minimum Value Filters: Only tracks significant "skin in the game" (defaulting to purchases over $50,000).

Auto-Trading Mode: When enabled, the bot executes trades instantly via Alpaca API when a signal exceeds the user-defined point threshold.

📊 Analytics & Reporting
The system maintains a local trades.db to track performance and refine the hierarchy.

Success Rate by Title: Analyzes whether CEO buys or Cluster buys are yielding higher returns.

Performance Rating: The strategy module provides automated recommendations (e.g., "Excellent performance - consider increasing position sizes for 20+ point scores").

Note: This is a proprietary trading tool. Unauthorized distribution or reverse engineering of the Knowledge Hierarchy Strategy is prohibited.

Commit message:

Revise README for clarity and additional details
Updated README to clarify scoring points for VP and General Counsel roles, added details about the local SQLite database, and improved formatting.

README.md, after:

<p align="center">Form4_Sniper</p>
Form4_Sniper is a proprietary, high-frequency monitoring and execution platform designed to capitalize on SEC Form 4 filings. By analyzing "open market purchases" (Code P) by top-tier executives in real-time, the system identifies high-conviction signals where insiders are putting significant personal capital at risk.

The program combines raw SEC data with a sophisticated Knowledge Hierarchy and Cluster Detection system to filter out noise and target trades with the highest statistical probability of success.

🖥️ System Interface
The platform features a professional-grade PyQt6 dashboard designed for real-time monitoring and rapid decision-making.

<p align="center"> <img src="assets/Form4_SniperGUI.png" width="850" alt="Form4_Sniper Main Interface"> </p>

Key UI Modules:
Live SEC Feed: A real-time stream of incoming Form 4 filings, pre-filtered for "Open Market Purchases."

Active Positions: Direct integration with Alpaca for real-time tracking of entries, exits, and current P/L.

Strategy Logs: Detailed breakdown of why a specific filing triggered a "Buy" signal based on the scoring hierarchy.

🧠 The "Knowledge Hierarchy" Strategy
Unlike basic scanners, Form4_Sniper uses a weighted scoring system based on the insider's role and the context of the purchase.

1. Scoring Engine
CEO / CFO (10 Points): Triggers an instant high-conviction alert. These roles have the most intimate knowledge of the company's financial health.

Director / Chairman (7 Points): High-level strategic oversight; significant when combined with other buyers.

VP / General Counsel / Treasurer (5 Points): Institutional knowledge of specific departments or legal/cash flow standing.

2. Cluster Detection
The system monitors for "Cluster Buys"—multiple insiders buying the same ticker within a 72-hour window.

Single Buyer: Evaluated based on title.

2+ Buyers: Points are aggregated. For example, a CEO (10) + a Director (7) creates a 17-point "Super Signal."

3. Technical Confirmation
To ensure optimal entry, the bot integrates technical overlays:

9 EMA / 21 MA Crossovers: Ensures the purchase is aligned with immediate price momentum.

Small-Cap Multiplier: Lower value thresholds are applied for companies under $2B market cap, where insider buying has a more drastic impact on liquidity and price.

🛡️ Risk Management & Execution
The platform is built for disciplined trading, removing the emotional bias of manual execution.

<p align="center"> <img src="assets/Settings.png" width="650" alt="Form4_Sniper Settings Menu"> </p>

Trade Cooldown: Automatically prevents over-exposure by enforcing a 24-hour lockout on any ticker recently traded.

Minimum Value Filters: Only tracks significant "skin in the game" (defaulting to purchases over $50,000).

Auto-Trading Mode: When enabled, the bot executes trades instantly via Alpaca API when a signal exceeds the user-defined point threshold.

📊 Analytics & Reporting
The system maintains a local SQLite database (trades.db) to track performance and refine the hierarchy.

Success Rate by Title: Analyzes whether CEO buys or Cluster buys are yielding higher returns.

Performance Rating: The strategy module provides automated recommendations (e.g., "Excellent performance - consider increasing position sizes for 20+ point scores").

Note: This is a proprietary trading tool. Unauthorized distribution or reverse engineering of the Knowledge Hierarchy Strategy is prohibited.
